baby safe is a new iphone app that turns
your iphone into a complete baby monitor
sending both video and audio to your
iphone you have the ability to at any
time see and hear everything your baby
does while you're at home at shopping in
a restaurant or even while overseas you
have three choices regarding a camera
for your app one get your own camera to
use a laptop or three use the
recommended baby safe camera to learn
more about these options you can either
go to help if a ques in the app or go to
website www better IT solutions dotnet /
baby dot HTML to install a camera to
your app go to install camera to use
your laptop as your monitor camera
follow the instructions or follow the
instructions for your own camera or
follow the instructions for the
recommended baby safe camera
you
in settings you can personalize your app
by typing in your baby's name
you
and you can choose pink blue or black
for your app earlier in your camera
installation you generated an IP address
you need to enter the IP address here as
shown you can control the sound to and
from the monitor if you don't want the
baby or babysitter to hear you turn off
sound to monitor if you don't want to
hear the sound from the baby turn off
sound to iphone when you are done with
setup just click the back button
you can use the controls to zoom or pan
and tilt or take photos and videos of
your baby at any time now you are ready
to monitor your baby if your camera H
plugged in and turned on just click the
monitor button and you will see your
baby
I